[Music]
that was a terrible crash
we're lucky to be
oh no alive don't come any closer it's a
girl
oh my gosh girl i'm sorry no moves
blonde hair i've just never
ever seen a girl before who
are you
it's so loud here we call it the noise
happened to all the men on this planet
every thought in our heads
we're on display
where are all the women
they're dead
[Music]
why is she thinking where the hell is
your noise it's strange to see
everything you're thinking it was
strange for me too not knowing what's
going on in your head
i mean i know you might not like my dog
or you want to hit me over the head with
a rock or something
i like your dog he's stronger than he
knows
you better watch your noise snake snake
if those men catch it they'll kill you
if you want to protect the girls you
have to leave now
keep you safe keep you safe safe
with her power there's no telling what
he can do
i need that girl before she wants him
how many are coming 100
200 thousands
[Music]
rose callie general wants to see you
there is only one thing harder than
winning a wall
keeping the peace for the past five
years
we coexisted peacefully until now
if we don't find a solution three
billion
will die however we crack their
navigation
we're embarking on the first mission to
their world you've been blessed with the
ability to interact with alien ted
and i want you to join us
give them a taste of their own medicine
that's it oh so you have half a plant
yeah
bess
ladies and gentlemen welcome to cobalt
what
everything moves aren't
got movement north wall two signatures
what is it they're surrounding us
we face extermination we'll have to push
beyond our limits
[Music]
i know what's at stake and i'm not
afraid to die for it
i have to finish this myself
hold on
only weekend short of the darkness
people have been trying to make
foundation for over 50 years
foundation was an enormous influence for
star wars
it was the greatest science fiction work
of all time
the story is sprawling the scope is
sprawling it unfolds over the course of
a thousand years
if ever there were a company that was
hoping to sort of better people's lives
through technology through connectivity
it's apple and that's something very
much that asimo was hoping to do
[Music]
you're going to arrest me tomorrow and
you it's almost a certainty
you're familiar with my work psycho
history yes in theory but i don't know
what it has to do it's not a theory
[Music]
they're worried you can predict the
future
i'm worried people believe i can
and they don't like the future i predict
[Music]
the empire will fall order will vanish
this mass of events rushing to meet us
only weekend short of the darkness
well i told you that house you guys are
running had bad energy
this is a fake what come check this out
there's like a staircase back there i'm
pretty sure we lost our deposit
whoa maybe someone lived up here like a
squatter
whoa
what are you doing no wait wait
oh my god i saw us here
yeah i watched this for like 15 minutes
you were gone for like five seconds
[Music]
stop one minute here equals three hours
there
and each time you go through it's like
it resets the timeline
i think it's parallel universes holy
this is the biggest unfair advantage in
human history
[Music]
we just steal other people's ideas i
found it in an alt this morning
can i show you something things could
get messy
just because this is tragic doesn't mean
we stop thinking
he's not himself he's breaking the rules
we got to do something about it
i got a storage unit full of stuff
that'll set off revolutions we'll take a
while by storm
something's behind all this but we all
know that you ain't that good
he's a real person is he
you've crossed a line
we crossed the line
first jump yeah just a little friendly
advice come on
there you go
[Music]
welcome to the last chip making the
journey
for the next six months we will blaze
across
space and time i hope it's the paradise
they said it would be
hey where you been hiding
[Music]
i don't know what could have done this
something seems to be dissolving him
from the inside out
it's not human and i might still be out
there
it's out there we kill it
you remember how to use one of those
things
what do you think look up
light him up there are 300 000 souls on
this ship
so we're headed to new earth at the
speed of light with an
alien yeah we got it
what are you gonna do improvise
bullets were useless what about fire
my work all right who wants barbecue
[Music]
sir we've landed are we still in all go
we are go
we're dropping a secret team of robots
into a country that we're not supposed
to be in
it got serious the moment was thought up
hey you're all good
well i'll kill you do it
[Music]
these people have seen everything take
them all down no witnesses
do you have an id on him yet sending you
a packet special forces huh
this guy is a deserter it could be the
ultimate field test yeah i was thinking
the same
thing
she's a doctor they're all doctors
they're in a good cause
come on man okay you're scaring her
you're scaring me
i'm scared
come on find me like a man come on
you were made by humans to affect them
we're different i'm a man i have life
you're a machine
can you hear
this is me max cloud do you read
over
[Music]
okay then who wants the first dance
max cloud is here
[Music]
dad playing those damn games
soldier we don't have time for this what
beer is not near
cowboy is here
i'm pretty sure i'm in the game i'm kind
of freaking out right now
so i'll look out
a time
[Music]
literally no one was
can complete shouting game you might
actually have a chance of getting out of
here
the fate of the universe lies in the
hands of max
cloud did i say the universe again you
were fantastic
deaths continue to spiral out of control
due to the oxygen crisis that the world
has termed
the sickness last year i had 20 kids in
my class
this year i have 12. white
do you know what your father did here
meet the chronicle what if i told you
that you could save all of us
save your wife we received a message
from the future the future this is a
time machine
the people who sent the message must
have found a cure do you really believe
i'm going to save the world
you're all members you may be humanity's
only chance
to finally cure 10 nine
eight seven six
five four three
two one
whoever sent the message we need to find
it
we are at the beginning of the journey
that can change
everything you have to trust me now
this isn't about finding a cure anymore
something bigger at play
imagine that we are all connected by the
very fabric of the universe
[Music]
[Applause]
an invisible field that bonds us
together to you
me the stars we can't change anything
it's always going to play out this way
there is no other way
we are all connected through time
about saving the world
you